Tutorial: Working with floating-point numbers (#269)
codewars/docs: content/authoring/kata/floating-point.md

## What are floating-point numbers?

Floating-point numbers come in many different shapes and colors, but one (or, if you prefer, two) of them is the most widespread, the most common, and, at the same time, the most problematic for newbies (and not only). Whenever you see or use anything called _"float"_, _"double"_, _"single-"_ or _"double-precision floating point number"_, _"IEEE-754 number"_, you need to be careful, because things can often turn out surprising and not as easy as one might think. Through the rest of the article, the term _"floating-point numbers"_ will refer specifically to **IEEE-754 double-precision values**, unless explicitly stated otherwise.

Floating-point numbers are usually not specific to any particular language, system, or architecture. IEEE-754 numbers are widely adopted and used across many platforms, languages, and compilers. With some small exceptions, anything written in this article applies in the same way to Python, C, JavaScript, or Haskell.

> ## Wy are floating-point numbers problematic?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Why are floating-point numbers problematic?
```

> Technical details related to the inner representation of floating-point values and how they work are out of scope of this article, but the main problem with floating-point numbers in context of Codewars kata boils down to the fact that calculations which are equivalent from mathematical point of view, but implemented differently, can give slightly different results for the same inputs, and all of them are considered correct even if they are not equal one to each other.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Technical details related to the inner representation of floating-point values and how they work are out of scope of this article, but the main problem with floating-point numbers in the context of Codewars kata boils down to the fact that calculations which are equivalent from a mathematical point of view, but implemented differently, can give slightly different results for the same inputs, and all of them are considered correct even if they are not equal to each other.
```

### Do not use rounding (or stringification) to work around problems with precision

Sometimes authors try to work around the problems with floating-point comparisons by converting the result of calculations to integer, or rounding to some _n_ decimal places, hoping that inaccurate part of calculations will be trucated, lost, or somehow neutralized. Sometimes authors require conversion of floating-point values to string with some amount of decimal digits. Such workarounds are a bad thing, they usually do not work as intended, and they only make things worse. No matter if you want to round to an integer or to some amount _n_ of decimal places, and what type of rounding (i.e. a _rounding mode_) you want to use: ceiling, flooring, truncating, to nearest, or to nearest even, each of them has a set of values for which it will fail.

> For example, let's assume that your kata would require rounding to a nearest integer. When tests are run, one of random tests might generate an input which after all calculations would conclude with a result of 13.5, and tests would expect a rounded answer of 14. Now, depending on details of implementation like exact formula, order of operations, used functions and libraries, user ___A___ comes up with the result of 13.50000000001, and user ___B___ arrives to 13.499999999999. Both answers are correct and valid from technical point of view, but after rounding to 14, user ___A___ gets their answer accepted, and the rounded answer of 13 from user ___B___ gets (incorrectly) rejected. Now user ___B___ creates an issue for your kata and complains that their valid solution does not pass tests. You verify tests with your reference solution, see no error, and resolve the issue as _"cannot reproduce"_. A couple of weeks later another user who happened to use the same formula as user ___B___ comes, does not pass the tests, and creates another issue, and so on... There's quite a number of kata on Codewars affected by similar issue, and half of the users attemting them might like them, and another half probably hates them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, let's assume that your kata would require rounding to the nearest integer. When tests are run, a random test might generate an input which after all calculations would conclude with a result of 13.5, and tests would expect a rounded answer of 14. Now, depending on details of implementation like the exact formula, order of operations, used functions and libraries, user ___A___ comes up with the result of 13.50000000001, and user ___B___ arrives to 13.499999999999. Both answers are correct and valid from a technical point of view, but after rounding to 14, user ___A___ gets their answer accepted, and the rounded answer of 13 from user ___B___ gets (incorrectly) rejected. Now user ___B___ creates an issue for your kata and complains that their valid solution does not pass tests. You verify the tests with your reference solution, see no error, and resolve the issue as _"irreproducible"_. A couple of weeks later another user who happened to use the same formula as user ___B___ comes, does not pass the tests, and creates another issue, and so on... There's quite a number of kata on Codewars affected by a similar issue, and half of the users attempting them might like them, while the other half probably hate them.
```

> Conversions by flooring, ceiling, or truncating are affected by the same issue, just for another category of values. User ___A___ might come up with the result of 12.999999999999 before rounding, and user ___B___ with value 13.000000000001, and if tests expect a floored, ceiled, or truncated value, the answer from one user will be accepted, and from the other one - rejected.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Conversions by flooring, ceiling, or truncating are affected by the same issue, just for another category of values. User ___A___ might come up with the result of 12.999999999999 before rounding, and user ___B___ with value 13.000000000001, and if tests expect a floored, ceiled, or truncated value, the answer from one user will be accepted, and from the other one rejected.
```

```text
Test Results:
convert_temperature
    given 2700 (steel melting point)
        expected 1482.2222222222224 to equal 1482.2222222222222
```

This usually happens when tests use an incorrect assertion method and do not account for the fact that the user's solution can return a correct answer which is not identical to the one produced by the reference solution.

To correctly test for floating-point values, tests should use _"approximate equality tests"_, _"fuzzy equality"_, or _"comparison with tolerance"_. Basically it boils down to using a dedicated assertion provided by the majority of popular testing frameworks or assertion libraries. Such assertions usually take as parameters the expected value, actual value, and a value of tolerance which the tests agree on. The assertion accepts all answers which are equal to the expected result, or do not differ from it beyond the provided tolerance.
To find out what assertions are appropriate for floating-point comparisons in your language you should go through the documentation of the testing framework you use. For example, for JavaScript it's `chai.assert.closeTo`, and for Python it's `codewars_test.assert_approx_equals`.  

> Some testing frameworks used on Codewars unfortunately lack proper assertions. This is the case for example for Ruby. In such case, a function for fuzzy comparisons has to be provided. It's a difficult task to do it correctly though, so don't try to create one on your own. Request missing functionality on [Codewars code runner](https://github.com/codewars/runner/issues) board and necessary packages or functions will be added.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Some testing frameworks used on Codewars unfortunately lack proper assertions. This is the case for example for Ruby. In such case, a function for fuzzy comparisons has to be provided. It's a difficult task to do it correctly though, so don't try to create one on your own. Request missing functionality on the [Codewars code runner](https://github.com/codewars/runner/issues) board and necessary packages or functions will be added.
```

### Know how floating-point values and operations work in your language

Some languages, especially dynamically typed ones, are particularly susceptible to problems related to floating-point values. For example, JavaScript does not use integers at all, and all arithmetic calculations operate on floating-point numbers. Everything should be good as long as input, output, and intermediate values stay accurate or do not exceed the value of `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`, but due to some bug this can happen, and when it happens, it can be difficult to spot.

#### Overflow

> One such problem is overflow in JavaScript. For example, consider a kata with the following task: _"Given two natural numbers `a` and `b`, calculate and return their least common multiple."_ Random tests are careful enough to generate such values of `a` and `b` which should always give a resulting LCM less than `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`. However, the reference solution uses following implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
One such problem is overflow in JavaScript. For example, consider a kata with the following task: _"Given two natural numbers `a` and `b`, calculate and return their least common multiple."_ Random tests are careful enough to generate such values of `a` and `b` which should always give a resulting LCM less than `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`. However, the reference solution uses the following implementation:
```

```javascript
function lcm(a, b) {
    return a * b / gcd(a, b); //gcd is a helper function to calculate greatest common divisor
}
```

> Can you see where the problem is? Even though `a`, `b`, and final result are guaranteed to be less than `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`, the intermediate value of `a * b` can overflow, resulting in an incorrect result being returned. Now the reference solution has a bug!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can you see where the problem is? Even though `a`, `b`, and the final result are guaranteed to be less than `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`, the intermediate value of `a * b` can overflow, resulting in an incorrect result being returned. Now the reference solution has a bug!
```

```c
//note %.9f as format specifiers
cr_assert_float_eq(actual, expected, 1e-9, "Expected %.9f +/- 1e-9, but was %.9f", expected, actual);
```

```text
Test Results:
sample_test
    test_basic
        Expected 1.210000000 +/- 1e-9, but was 1.210000343
```

You need to remember that whenever you print or format floating-point values as strings, they should always be formatted with at least as many significant digits as the tolerance used for comparisons.

### Use alternatives

There are some ways to mitigate some issues related to floating-point numbers by using some other means, language constructs, classes, libraries, etc. Unfortunately, they are usually language-specific and can turn out to be problematic in kata, because translating kata between languages can become difficult. However, some possibilities are:

- If the kata task is related to decimal numbers (for example monetary values), you can use decimal types, for example `java.math.BigDecimal` in Java, `decimal` in C#, `decimal` module in Python, etc.

> - If domain of your kata is limited to rational numbers, storing values as a pair of integers (numerator, denominator) can help. Python provides a `fractions` module which offers such types out of the box, and Haskell has `Rational`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If the domain of your kata is limited to rational numbers, storing values as a pair of integers (numerator, denominator) can help. Python provides a `fractions` module which offers such types out of the box, and Haskell has `Rational`.
```

> You should always consult documentation of your [language](/languages/) and available libraries to know what are possible options.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You should always consult the documentation for your [language](/languages/) and available libraries to know the possible options available.
```

<details>

<summary>"Why"</summary>

## Strange things about floating-point values

Floating-point numbers are useful, because they have capabilities not available to other simple types available in majority of languages:

- They can hold fractional values, like `25.5` or `-7.125`. Fractions can be as small as ~1.7\*10<sup>-308</sup>
- They have much wider range than integral types of the same size. Signed 64-bit integer data type can hold values up to ~9\*10<sup>18</sup>, while 64-bit floating-point value can go up to ~1.7\*10<sup>308</sup>.

However, to achieve these goals, floating-point values trade off their _precision_, what more or less means that there are some values which cannot be represent exactly. They are capable of storing up to 52 bits, or approximately 15 decimal digits, and anything beyond this is lost. Values which would require better precision are internally rounded and stored just as approximations. And this leads to many problems which often can come up as surprising.

### Representability

> As it was already mentioned, precision of a floating-point value is limited to 52 bits, or approx. 15 decimal digits. This means that some values simply cannot be stored in a floating-point variable. For example, value `10000000000000000` (or 1*10<sup>16</sup>) can be represented exactly, but there's no `10000000000000001`! How do you think, what will following code print?

Author: I will think of some better example if we decide this part to stay.

Do you think it's worth to keep the _"Strange things about floating-point values"_ part, or just remove it and keep only _"How to avoid problems with floating-point numbers?"_

> As it was already mentioned, precision of a floating-point value is limited to 52 bits, or approx. 15 decimal digits. This means that some values simply cannot be stored in a floating-point variable. For example, value `10000000000000000` (or 1*10<sup>16</sup>) can be represented exactly, but there's no `10000000000000001`! How do you think, what will following code print?

Reviewer 2: IDK, although these things aren't really strange, they are more like possibly unexpected.

> As it was already mentioned, precision of a floating-point value is limited to 52 bits, or approx. 15 decimal digits. This means that some values simply cannot be stored in a floating-point variable. For example, value `10000000000000000` (or 1*10<sup>16</sup>) can be represented exactly, but there's no `10000000000000001`! How do you think, what will following code print?

Author: The "why" part was redone, and greatly simplified. There's no more "strange things" there, and troublesome example above was removed.

I am still not sure whether to keep it, but now it's at least reduced.

```javascript
let a = 10000000000000000;
let b = a + 1;    //tricky part! b is equal to 10000000000000000, and not 10000000000000001

console.info("Are they equal? ");
console.info(a === b ? "Yes" : "No");   //prints: Yes
```

Another surprising thing is that many values which have seemingly valid amount of digits also do not fit into a floating-point value! For example, `1.1`: it has only two significant digits, so it's well below the limit of 15. However, as it turns out, after converion to binary it becomes an infinite, repeatable fraction! just as `1/6` is represented in base 10 as 0.166(6)..., 11/10 when converted to binary becomes `1.00011(0011)...`, which, in turn, when stuffed on  52 bits, truncated, and rounded, becomes  `1.100000000000000088817841970012523233890533447265625`. There's no `1.1` in binary, and there's no floating-point value equal to `1.1`! Just see:

```javascript
let a = 1.1; //tricky part! Variable a is not equal to 'real' 1.1
let area = a * a;

console.info("Is the area equal to 1.21? ");
console.info(area === 1.21 ? "Yes" : "No, it's " + area);
```

Above program prints:

```text
Is the area equal to 1.21? 
No, it's 1.2100000000000002
```

> That's because variable `a` has never been equal to `1.1` to begin with! When you look at the code it might look like that, but compiler silently converted literal value `1.1` to the nearest representable floating-point value and stored `1.100000000000000088817841970012523233890533447265625` in variable `a`.

Author: Uh, I was to remove the backticks around the numbers and forgot.

```text
Test Results:
convert_temperature
    given 2700 (steel melting point)
        expected 1482.2222222222224 to equal 1482.2222222222222
```

This usually happens when tests use incorrect assertion and do not account for the fact that user's solution can return values which are not exactly the same as the ones produced by a reference solution, but still correct.

To correctly test for floating-point values, tests should use a thing called _"approximate equality tests"_, _"fuzzy equality"_, or _"comparison with tolerance"_. Basically it boils down to using a dedicated assertion provided by a majority of popular testing frameworks or assertion libraries. Such asertions usually take as parameters an expected value, actual value, and a value of tolerance which tests agree on. Assertion accepts all answers which are equal to the expected result, or do not differ from it more than allowed.  
To find out what assertions are appropriate for floating-point comparisons in your language you should go through the documentation of the testing framework you use. For example, for JavaScript it's `chai.assert.closeTo`, and for Python it's `codewars_test.assert_approx_equals`.  

> Some testing frameworks used on Codewars unfortunately lack proper assertions. This is the case for example for C++, or Ruby. In such case, you need to provide your own fuzzy comparison function. It's a difficult task to do it correctly though, so don't try to create one on your own. There's plenty of materials on Internet which will help you with this task, for example [this great guide](https://floating-point-gui.de/) and [its page](https://floating-point-gui.de/errors/comparison/) dedicated strictly for floating point comparisons.

Author: Uh, totally slipped my mind. Thanks for spotting.

> Some testing frameworks used on Codewars unfortunately lack proper assertions. This is the case for example for C++, or Ruby. In such case, you need to provide your own fuzzy comparison function. It's a difficult task to do it correctly though, so don't try to create one on your own. There's plenty of materials on Internet which will help you with this task, for example [this great guide](https://floating-point-gui.de/) and [its page](https://floating-point-gui.de/errors/comparison/) dedicated strictly for floating point comparisons.

Reviewer 3: > In such case, you need to provide your own fuzzy comparison function.

For those we maintain, I'd appreciate contributions instead. Ruby test framework to be used in the next version update is open sourced.

### Know how floating-point values and operations work in your language

Some languages, expecially dynamically typed ones, are particularly susceptible to problems related to floating-point values. For example, JavaScript does not use integers at all, and all arithemtic calculations operate on floating-point numbers. Everything should be good as long as input, output, and intermediate, values stay accurate or do not exceed the value of `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`, but due to some bug this can happen, and when it happens, it can be difficult to spot.

#### Overflow

One of such problems is overflow in Javascript. For example, consider a kata with following task: _"Given two natural numbers `a` and `b`, calculate and return their least common multiple."_ Random tests are careful enough to generate such values of `a` and `b`, which always should give the resulting LCM as less than `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`. However, the reference solution uses following implementation:

```javascript
function lcm(a, b) {
    return a * b / gcd(a, b); //gcd is a helper function to calculate greatest common divisor
}
```

> Can you see where potential problem is? Even though `a`, `b`, and final result are guaranteed to be less than `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`, intermediate value of `a * b` can overflow, resulting in incorrect result being returned. Now reference solution has a bug!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Can you see where the problem is? Even though `a`, `b`, and final result are guaranteed to be less than `Number.MAX_SAFE_INTEGER`, the intermediate value of `a * b` can overflow, resulting in an incorrect result being returned. Now the reference solution has a bug!
```

> You need to make sure that your reference solution is correct and can handle all test inputs which will be generated and fed to it. Otherwise, correctness of tests depends on the favor of random number generator, and some valid solutions might fail the tests in an unpredictable, and difficult to debug way.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need to make sure that your reference solution is correct and can handle all test inputs which will be generated and fed to it. Otherwise, the correctness of tests depends on the random number generator, and some valid solutions may fail the tests in an unpredictable manner.
```

#### Division

> In languages like JavaScript or Python, floating-point values can be introduced by mistake when performing division. JavaScript has no integer division operator, and operation of `a / b` always results in floating-point values. If you are interested in integer division, you need to remember to convert the result to integer by yourself. Python has two division operators: `a // b` for integer division (or, "real floor division"), and `a / b` for "real" division. Both operators can be easily confused, and `/` will convert integers to floats and return a float.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In languages like JavaScript or Python, floating-point values can be introduced by mistake when performing division. JavaScript has no integer division operator, so `a / b` always results in a floating-point value. If you are interested in integer division, you need to remember to convert the result to an integer by yourself. Python has two division operators: `a // b` for integer division (or, "real floor division"), and `a / b` for "real" division. Both operators can be easily confused, and `/` will convert integers to floats and return a float.
```

### Use relative comparisons and avoid strict equality

> Have you ever encountered a problem that some solution does not pass because tests expect a slightly different value, even though you used right formula?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Have you ever encountered a problem that some solution does not pass because tests expect a slightly different value, even though you used the right formula?
```

```text
Test Results:
convert_temperature
    given 2700 (steel melting point)
        expected 1482.2222222222224 to equal 1482.2222222222222
```

> This usually happens when tests use incorrect assertion and do not account for the fact that user's solution can return values which are not exactly the same as the ones produced by a reference solution, but still correct.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This usually happens when tests use an incorrect assertion method and do not account for the fact that the user's solution can return a correct answer which is not identical to the one produced by the reference solution.
```

> To correctly test for floating-point values, tests should use a thing called _"approximate equality tests"_, _"fuzzy equality"_, or _"comparison with tolerance"_. Basically it boils down to using a dedicated assertion provided by a majority of popular testing frameworks or assertion libraries. Such asertions usually take as parameters an expected value, actual value, and a value of tolerance which tests agree on. Assertion accepts all answers which are equal to the expected result, or do not differ from it more than allowed.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correctly test for floating-point values, tests should use _"approximate equality tests"_, _"fuzzy equality"_, or _"comparison with tolerance"_. Basically it boils down to using a dedicated assertion provided by the majority of popular testing frameworks or assertion libraries. Such assertions usually take as parameters the expected value, actual value, and a value of tolerance which the tests agree on. The assertion accepts all answers which are equal to the expected result, or do not differ from it beyond the provided tolerance.
```

#### Rounding does not help

Sometimes authors try to work around the problems with floating-point comparisons in some strange ways, like rounding, stringification, or even other, worse things. However such workarounds are a bad thing and they only make things worse. Concept of _"rounding to n decimal places"_ is not well defined for floating-point numbers, and it does not always work as expected. Rounding to an integer value, be it floor, ceil, round to nearest, or truncation, also is not guaranteed to work and often leads to errors. Do not do this, or you will only make things worse. The easiest way to get things right is to require no rounding, and use proper assertions with tolerance.

### Be careful when formatting

Some existing kata can issue such a very confusing assertion message:

```c
Test(sample_test, test_basic) {
  double actual = squareArea(1.1);
  double expected = 1.21;
  cr_assert_float_eq(actual, expected, 1e-9, "Expected %f +/- 1e-9, but was %f", expected, actual);
}
```

```text
Test Results:
sample_test
    test_basic
        Expected 1.210000 +/- 1e-9, but was 1.210000
```

This issue is not limited only to C, other languages are also affected. 

> So... what's wrong? Why tests fail, if expected value and actual value are both `1.210000`?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
So... what's wrong? Why do the tests fail if the expected and actual values are both `1.210000`?
```

Most probably, two things are wrong:

> - User solution returns invalid answer, which does not fall into required tolerance, and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The user's solution returned an invalid answer outside of the required tolerance, and
```

> - Tests display assertion message incorrectly, truncating some meaningful digits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The tests display the assertion message incorrectly, truncating some meaningful digits.
```

> Actually, both numbers are different, and actual answer is wrong by more than allowed tolerance. But when formatting floating-point values, many languages use only some part of digits, and truncate the least meaningful ones, even when they are still important. When you fix formatting of the message, you get better feedback:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Actually, both numbers are different, and the actual answer differs from the expected value by an amount greater than the allowed tolerance. But when formatting floating-point values, most languages only display the first few digits. When you fix the formatting of the message, you get better feedback:
```

```c
//note %.9f as format specifiers
cr_assert_float_eq(actual, expected, 1e-9, "Expected %.9f +/- 1e-9, but was %.9f", expected, actual);
```

```text
Test Results:
sample_test
    test_basic
        Expected 1.210000000 +/- 1e-9, but was 1.210000343
```

You need to remember that whenever you print or format floating-point values as strings, they should always be formatted with at least as many significant digits as the tolerance used for comparisons.

### Use alternatives

There are some ways to mitigate some issues related to floating-point numbers by using some other means, language constructs, classes, libraries, etc. Unfortunately, they are usually language-specific and can turn out to be problematic in kata, because translating kata between languages can become difficult. However, some possibilities are:

> - You can use arbitrary-precision decimal types or similar, for example `java.math.BigDecimal` in Java, `decimal` (floating-point decimal primitive type) in C#, `decimal` module in Python, etc.

Reviewer 2: > some ways to mitigate some issues related to floating-point numbers

Using floating point numbers to mitigate issues with floating point numbers? Arbitrary precision is still finite, so it's just binary vs decimal here, which makes the difference only if the input is a finite decimal.

Author: I was wondering how/if to differentiate between decimal fixed-scale numbers (`java.math.BigDecimal`), floating-point decimal numbers, (`decimal` in C#), all of them as opposed to floating-point binary numbers (IEEE-754). So basically the sentence would mean something like _"Using decimal floating point numbers to mitigate issues with IEEE-754 floating point numbers"_ . Or something like that.

I am not sure about the _" it's just binary vs decimal"_, or maybe I am not sure about a proper nomenclature, because some nitpicker could argue that C# `decimal` is still binary (IIRC it's encoded in some form of BCD).

But yeah, maybe just "use decimal data type if appropriate" would be enough, I am just afraid that someone could get an impression that decimal data types from different libraries/languages are functionally equivalent.

Author: I've reworded this part a bit, got rid of unnecessary deails.

> - If your kata uses rational numbers, storing numbers as a pair of numerator and denominator can help. Python provides `fractions` module which offers such types out of the box, and Haskell has `Rational`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If your kata uses rational numbers, storing numbers as a pair of integers (numerator, denominator) can help. Python provides a `fractions` module which offers such types out of the box, and Haskell has `Rational`.
```

## What are floating-point numbers?

Floating-point numbers come in many different shapes and colors, but one (or, if you prefer, two) of them is the most widespread, the most common, and, at the same time, the most problematic for newbies (and not only). Whenever you see or use anything called _"float"_, _"double"_, _"single-"_ or _"double-precision floating point number"_, _"IEEE-754 number"_, you need to be careful, because things can often turn out surprising and not as easy as one might think. Through the rest of the article, the term _"floating-point numbers"_ will refer specifically to **IEEE-754 double-precision values**, unless explicitly stated otherwise.

Floating-point numbers are usually not specific to any particular language, system, or architecture. IEEE-754 numbers are widely adopted and used across many platforms, languages, and compilers. With some small exceptions, anything written in this article applies in the same way to Python, C, JavaScript, or Haskell.

<details>

<summary>

> "Why"

Reviewer 3: Please don't do this. `<summary>` should be descriptive and shouldn't contain anything else like this note block.

Author: I used this only to collapse a section which I am not sure about. I am not sure if it is educational enough and should stay, or is it too detailed and should be removed.

If you guys think it should be removed, I will remove it. If you think it should stay, I will move it out of `<details>`. Or maybe you have some other idea?

Author: Unless you mean just the _"Why"_ "caption", it can be removed.

```suggestion
```

Reviewer 3: No, this:
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/639336/108584156-f6e8bf80-72f3-11eb-897f-bbcd682c4add.png)

`<summary>` should be short and fit next to that triangle. Spec-wise it should only contain "phrasing content" (something that will work inside `<p>`). Browsers are lax because users don't write correct HTML :(

This huge summary is bad from usability point of view, try reproducing this scroll position

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/639336/108584252-a9208700-72f4-11eb-8a99-ee2e2275d11c.png)

then click the `<summary>`. The triangle points down, but it looks like nothing is showing up because it's happening below the block.

Author: I've removed the collapsible thing. Maybe now seeing how long the whole page gets it will be easier for reviewers to suggest whether the "why" part should stay or not.
